# Client Meeting on 3/17/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/3/17/16:30

## Meeting End Time

2025/3/17/17:45

## Location/Medium

Zoom/Online

## Present

Cassidy, Traigh, Jacob, Client

## Minute Recorder

Traigh

## Topics Discussed

- Springbreak
- Graduation
- Opportunities for partnering
- Event on April 27th, client would like the project to be done and ready before then
- Blog updates - delete buttons, better layout, character limit
- LifePerformance updates - emails sent to all admins
- Calendar progress and Merch research

## Feedback

- Font issue with lower case permanant, Sans-serif preferred instead
- Add index to the blogs to make them easier to search through

## Things Clarified

- Purchases are ok if all other options are exhausted

## Client Use of the Project

- How did the client use the software?
    - He interacted with the website through Zoom remote control.
- What features did they test in your software?
    - He tested the LifePerformance and JamSession plugins.
- How long did they use your software?
    - Roughly about 5 minutes on each one.
- How was their reaction to the software?
    - He was very excited and exclamed how cool it was.
- Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
    - The old videos that were posted on the LifePermance page seemed to be confusing and their removal would probably help the confusion
- Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
    - Main issue seemed to be a default font for the blogs in which the titles are forced to be lowercase.