## Traigh Scott:
    My experience at the student symposium was very memorable. I was able to look at the other posters at the event outside of the CS projects and the research was very interesting to learn about. It was also easy to present to the people that came to our station, since most of them weren't very experienced in computer coding and how everything worked. Overall, I really enjoyed getting to share our project with others and see how interested in they were in the mission of LiveToRock. 

## Jacob Clark:
    My experience at the symposium was good. I was there for the first hour before I had to go to class so I didn't get the full symposium experience as it wasn't very busy to start out. I did end up coming back during the finishing cerimonies and speeches and it was cool to hear about the other projects around the university. For the time I was there it was cool to be able to show off our hard work and see how people react to it. 

## Cassidy Alcorn:
    My experience at the student symposium was neat, and even though I was only there for the last hour, it was nice to be able to talk to and explain the project to the three people who came up to us. It was nice to see people connect to the mission of our project and express interest in it as well. I would have liked to have been there for longer, as I would have loved the chance to take a look at other peoples' projects as well.

## Kc Weaver:
    The symposium was a suprisingly enjoyable experience, I felt like I learned a lot more than I assumed I would and the pressure was not near as high as I had imagined. The thing that stuck out to me most was the genuine appreciation people showed for the project. A couple comments such as "this feels like an old website" made me feel like we had accomplished our goal of making a space for people to just be, with the computer science aspect and job of simply completing the tasks being secondary. It has put my work into perspective and helped me to enjoy how what I do really does effect people. I had never shaken hands and talked about what I had made proffessionally before, so doing so with strangers to president Mearns was a huge skill curve that I feel I got over quickly. In conclusion, I found the experience very worthwhile thanks to all of the kind people that attended, and felt more confident going into the other two showcases, as well as similar events in the future. 
